feat: Add Vaadin Portlet documentation (#1283)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/integrations/portlet/demo-address-book.asciidoc

When the portlet is maximized (its window state is changed to MAXIMIZED) more attributes are shown, including email and birthday.

In order to provide this functionality, the _Contact List_'s view class needs to

- be able to receive events
- be able to send events
- be able to react to window state changes

These requirements can be fulfilled by implementing the `PortletView` interface.

==== Contact Form
The portlet supports two portlets modes: `view` and `edit`.
When the portlet is in `view` mode, the contact information is only displayed and cannot be changed.
When user changes the portlet into `edit` mode, the information can be updated.
After editing the information, the user can either save or discard the changes.

In order to provide this functionality, the _Contact List_ view class needs to

- be able to react to portlet mode changes
- be able to receive events
- be able to send events

These requirements can be fulfilled by implementing the `PortletView` interface.

[NOTE]
We use `PortletView` in both view classes as it provides a single entry point to the portlet state.

> We can both register event listeners and mutate the portlet's state through `PortletView` object.

Reviewer: Should it be `through PortletViewContext object`?

Author: Yes, done

                    "birthDate");
            grid.setMinWidth("700px");
            // ... rest of the configuration
        } else if (WindowState.NORMAL.equals(windowState)) {
            grid.setColumns("firstName", "lastName", "phoneNumber");
            grid.setMinWidth("450px");
            // ... rest of the configuration
        }
    }

    private void fireSelectionEvent(
            ItemClickEvent<Contact> contactItemClickEvent) {
        // get contact id
        Integer contactId = contactItemClickEvent.getItem().getId();

        // save the id into a string-to-string map
        Map<String, String> param = Collections.singletonMap(
                "contactId", contactId.toString());

        // send the event with name "contact-selected"
        portletViewContext.fireEvent("contact-selected", param);
    }

    private void init() {
        // ... grid initialization

        // add item click listener which fires our contact-selected event
        grid.addItemClickListener(this::fireSelectionEvent);

        // ... rest of the configuration
    }
}
----

The `ContactListView` view implements `PortletView` interface.

> `PortletView`'s method `onPortletViewContextInit(PortletViewContext)` provides the implementing class a reference to a `PortletViewContext` object, which allows us to register listeners and change the portlet's state.

Reviewer: Seems like first code block does not end completely. Maybe a space is needed before **'s** in "`PortletView`'s method" ?
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4648894/162425142-421a7e67-8708-4953-a4bf-564d3250f1ad.png)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that is a special syntax in AsciiDoc to create an apostrophe character. 
```suggestion
The [methodname]`onPortletViewContextInit(PortletViewContext)` in the [interface]`PortletView` interface provides the implementing class a reference to a [classname]`PortletViewContext` object, which allows us to register listeners and change the portlet's state.
```

The `contact-updated` event has the same parameters as the `contact-selected` event.
We use the contact id to update the correct contact information on the list.

.FormPortletView.java
[source,java]
----
public class ContactFormView extends VerticalLayout implements PortletView {
    private static final String ACTION_EDIT = "Edit";
    private static final String ACTION_CREATE = "Create new";
    private static final String ACTION_SAVE = "Save";

    private PortletViewContext portletViewContext;

    private Binder<Contact> binder;
    private Contact contact;

    private Button action;
    // ... other components

    @Override
    public void onPortletViewContextInit(PortletViewContext context) {
        // save context for sending events
        this.portletViewContext = context;
        // add event listeners for both "contact-selected" custom event
        // and portlet mode change event
        context.addEventChangeListener("contact-selected",
                this::onContactSelected);
        context.addPortletModeChangeListener(this::handlePortletModeChange);
        init();
    }

    // handles "contact-selected" event from PortletListView.

>     // we check that the event name is correct and that the contact exists.

Reviewer: "event name"? Do you mean "parameter name"?

Author: Should be contact id apparently

Author: Done
